B2b architecture phase 1 (#7798)
auth0/docs: articles/architecture-scenarios/_includes/_architecture/_introduction.md

For customer facing applications we typically see [OpenID Connect (OIDC)](/protocols/oidc) as being the most frequently used protocol. OIDC makes use of web based workflows with browser URLs that are presented to the user. Out-of-the-box, client facing URLs as part of Auth0 OIDC support are Auth0 branded, however we recommend using the Auth0 [custom domain](#custom-domains) capability to provide for consistent corporate identity and to also address potential user confidence concerns before they arise. 

::: panel Best Practice
Other groups within your organization may also be working with Auth0; it’s not uncommon for our customers to have disparate departments that serve different user communities. Identifying these will potentially influence your design choices, and doing so early could mitigate decisions that might prove costly later on.
:::

<% if (platform === "b2b") { %>

> If your customers' organization supports the use of mutliple IDPs, then you should create separate Auth0 tenants for that organization; see [Tenant provision for complex organizations](#tenant-provision-for-complex-organizations) for further details. This allows you to keep the rest of your setup much simpler by maintaining a one-to-one connection relationship between your organization and all your customer organizations within your main tenant. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your customers' organization supports the use of mutliple IDPs, then you can create separate Auth0 tenants for that organization; see [Tenant provision for complex organizations](#tenant-provision-for-complex-organizations) for further details. This allows you to keep the rest of your setup much simpler by maintaining a one-to-one connection relationship between your organization and all your customer organizations within your main tenant. 
```

> If your customers' organization supports the use of mutliple IDPs, then you should create separate Auth0 tenants for that organization; see [Tenant provision for complex organizations](#tenant-provision-for-complex-organizations) for further details. This allows you to keep the rest of your setup much simpler by maintaining a one-to-one connection relationship between your organization and all your customer organizations within your main tenant. 

Reviewer 2: Aligned with the suggestion in PR 7801

```suggestion
If your customers' organization supports the use of mutliple IDPs, then we recommend that you create separate Auth0 tenants for that organization; see [Tenant provision for complex organizations](#tenant-provision-for-complex-organizations) for further details. This allows you to keep the rest of your setup much simpler by maintaining a one-to-one connection relationship between your organization and all your customer organizations within your main tenant. 
```

Author: Added to PR 7818
